h3. Nodepad

This is a Node notepad, written for a tutorial series on "DailyJS":http://dailyjs.com.

h3. Updates

Follow the series on "DailyJS":http://dailyjs.com, "@dailyjs":http://twitter.com/dailyjs, or "@alex_young":http://twitter.com/alex_young.

h3. Dependencies

You need to install these on your system first:

* "Node":http://nodejs.org/
* "npm":https://github.com/isaacs/npm/
* "MongoDB":http://www.mongodb.org/

These are the libraries that the project requires:

* "Mongoose":https://github.com/LearnBoost/mongoose
* "Express":http://expressjs.com/
* "Expresso":http://visionmedia.github.com/expresso/
* "Jade":http://jade-lang.com/
* "less":https://github.com/cloudhead/less.js

See the package.json file for the versions of the dependencies I've tested with.

On Mac OS Snow Leopard and Debian Lenny/Squeeze.

h3. Dependency Installation

Make sure you're running a mongo instance (type <code>mongod</code> if required).

<pre>
git clone git@github.com:alexyoung/nodepad.git nodepad
cd nodepad
npm install

node app.js
</pre>

h3. Contributions

* "luebken":https://github.com/luebken
* "eirikurn":https://github.com/eirikurn
* "@francoislaberge":http://twitter.com/francoislaberge

h3. License (GPL)

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see "http://www.gnu.org/licenses/":http://www.gnu.org/licenses/.


